Adding Visual similarity rec and reorganizing types (#712)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/prex-type-trending.md

---
ee_only: true
title: Trending
---

The _Trending_ recommendation type recommends items based on recent momentum of a product’s popularity across your site. Trending products are those often referred to as "Trending now", "Hot items", and so on.

## How it works

> Adobe Sensei aggregates browsing and purchase data across your site to determine and rank which products are the most recently popular with your shoppers. Because _Trending_ analyzes recent product momentum, it is an effective recommendation type for catalogs that have a high turnover. If your catalog is more static, it might not be as useful as the data used to evaluate a product's momentum is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adobe Sensei aggregates browsing and purchase data across your site to determine and rank which products are the most recently popular with your shoppers. Because _Trending_ analyzes recent product momentum, it is an effective recommendation type for catalogs that have a high turnover. If your catalog is more static, it might not be as useful unless the shopping patterns of your audience are highly variable.
```

> The _Trending_ recommendation type can be used on all page types. When used on the home page, _Trending_ recommends items that are recently popular across the entire site. _Trending_ does not display products that are consistently popular, but rather those that have recently become popular. For example, if you have an email marketing campaign promoting certain products, the click-through rate generated by the email will increase the likelihood that those promoted products are classified as trending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Trending_ recommendation type can be used on all page types. When used on the home page, _Trending_ recommends items that are recently popular across the entire site. _Trending_ does not display products that are consistently popular, but rather those that have recently become popular. For example, if you have an email marketing campaign promoting certain products, the popularity increase generated by the email will increase the likelihood that those promoted products are classified as trending.
```
